
The paper introduces and describes a benchmark designed to inform (future) users of proof assistants about techniques applicable to the mechanization of the metatheory process calculi and related systems.
The benchmark is supposed to (Q1) document the state of the art, (Q2) recommend best practices, and (Q3) suggest improvements to proof assistants.
To this end, three design goals are stated (G1) tasks accessible to non-experts, (G2) development of tutorials and comparision of techniques, and (G3) exploration of reusable techniques.
Three key aspects, each corresponding to a benchmark task, occuring in the metatheory of (most) process calculi are identified and discussed: linearity, scope extrusion, and coinduction.
A measure of comparison between solution is proposed. 
An appendix provides the definitions of the benchmark tasks. Each task defines a small process calculus and states some theorem to be proved along with supporting lemmas.


This effort is important, it should be supported by the community, and it should be widely publicized.
But as it stands, I'm not sure if the paper will gain visibility outside of this community.

IMHO, the weakest part of the paper is the first part of section 2, which states the questions and the design goals. This part is fuzzy and should be carefully reworked.
1. There is no clear distinction between the questions and the goals - do we need both? Isn't it sufficient to have goals? And then explain later how they are addressed by the proposed tasks?
2. The questions are not crisp (they can be summarized in one sentence, see above).
3. The goals are not crisp (again, see above summary).
4. The goals are not formulated with a specific target audience in mind.

Here is an example for item 4: (G1) claims accessibility to non-experts. 
The explanation for (G1) lists fairly specific topics, in particular scope extrusion. 
That seems somewhat contradictory.

Please clarify your audience. Is it
* researchers in concurrency, who want to venture into mechanization? Maybe, because the benchmark has some simple tasks.
* researchers in concurrency, who are versed in mechanization: it sort of works for this audience; but it's too limiting for such an important effort.
* experts in mechanization, but not concurrency: the paper should be better tailored towards their previous knowledge.

DETAILS

p4, 10: linear context as a multiset - I was confused by that statement. It is appropriate in a logic setting (i.e., in the cited work at that point), where you are working with a multiset of assumptions, but it doesn't happen in a calculus with proof terms and named assumptions (i.e., variables or names). So I'm also wondering if references [17] and [21] are really relevant to the benchmark. 
[AM: we're talking about linearity in general, so I would keep those cites]

p6, 7: sized types - that's a general mechanism offered by Agda to help its termination checker. It's not tied to coinduction (though it can be used to prove productivity), so this sentence is misleading. [DONE]

p11, 8: We assume ... [sentence duplicated] [DONE]

p15, lemma 2: I miss the assumption T=end; alternatively, it could be a second conclusion.

[AM; in fact, end(∆) is undefined ...]
p15, lemma 3: the proof is a bit sloppy. T-Res does not follow from a premise, but from the IH.

[AM:DONE]

T-Out is also a bit fuzzy (...cases on the structure..). (I'm complaining because e.g. the POPLmark Reloaded paper sets a very high standard in this respect.)
[AM: yes, there is a strengthening missing, DONE]

p15, lemma 4: six axioms - they should be referenced precisely (DONE);
and why does the relation get renamed here?
[AM: good point -- we should be uniform between  \sconga and \scong and do the same in the scope extrusion section; Lemma 6 should use the same technique, namely induction over contexts]
