Current plan(s). One of:

1.  more detailed description of ALL the challenges (TBD the level of
  details in proofs)

-> solutions to the linear one.

2. Just exposition of the first challenge and then the 4 (?)
solutions. Reverse engineer the level of details of the expository part from the solutions.

  NOTE: if we do 2., we could generalize the challenge to include
  delegation, which (by using the reduction semantics) is
  easier. Further, we can reformulate the challenge following the
  calculus in Vasco and Gay's book, chapter 2: the calculus is nicer
  (dual end type) and informal proofs are very detailed (better
  treatment of type safety than our COORD paper). On the flip side, it begs the question of why formulating the challenge if we follow S & G.

In any case:

-- Emphasis on techniques (tags, splitting, etc. rather than actual
   implementations in each system). Give a mathematical description
   not code (when possible)

-- Put effort in the comparison if the various techniques

   --> We could assign to each solution a "mate", one of the co-authors who will try to deeply understand and criticize the mechanization 

-- Downplay the binder issue, unless it significantly interacts with linearity (example: splitting and de Bruijn).


----------------------
Solutions to subject reduction

1. Tagged lists (Daniel/Alberto)

2. Linear predicate DB (Marco). Mention Linear predicate HOAS

3. Intrinsic typing in Agda (Luca)

4. EMST (Francisco?)

-----------------

Solution to safety ???

1. To be generalized

3. Kinda trivial (explain?)

-----------------

Other participants

Frederik (prompter)

Alceste (general theory supervision)

Lorenzo? I'll check

--------------

To be agreed at implementers meeting

1. How hard do we strive to mechanize the **same** benchmark? Assuming
we keep the one in COORD., do we "accept" more general solutions? With
delegation? Or with more general types as in Vasco's original FST
paper? Namely !S.T etc Or even as in Vasco & Simon's book.

I would argue that being overly liberal confuses the comparison and
hence the message of the paper, especially if the differences are
minor. I would make an exception for Luca, if the "logical" view is a
significant improvement and other faithful solution exists.
